Writing with Anna

Time for Kids –Best Inventions 2024:
Write about: 
Pick 5 inventions from the list of Best Inventions of 2024. Visit the company's website and write 5 additional interesting facts about each of the best inventions. 
December 19, 2024
Every year, TIME magazine publishes a list of the year’s best inventions. Some of these address global problems. Others make life more fun. TIME for Kids has chosen nine of them here. Which one is your favorite?
Eco-Friendly Camping

 
Outdoor enthusiasts care deeply about the environment, but camping equipment isn’t always eco-friendly. This is why Nemo Equipment created its Endless Promise camping equipment. The backpacks and sleeping bags are made from polyester, a recyclable material. And the company promises to repair, recycle, or resell the equipment when customers are ready for something new. 

Grow and Glow

 
Why stop and smell the roses when you can stop and smell the glowing petunias? By day, Firefly Petunias look like normal white flowers. When it gets dark, they glow like the moon. The luminous flowers might look magical, but their glow is a matter of science: The company Light Bio spliced petunia DNA with that of bioluminescent mushrooms. The result: glow-in-the-dark flowers you can grow at home.
Water for All

 
People in some parts of the world lack access to clean water. That’s why three organizations—Ogilvy Colombia, Baylor International, and Filsa Water—created Filter Caps. These small, portable filters attach to the top of a water bottle. Users can fill the bottle from a well, pond, or river. Inside the cap, a chemical mixture filters out contaminants so the water is safe to drink. Each filter can clean five liters of water in a day.
Mini Motor

 
Ready to go fast? Bimotal Elevate is a palm-size motor that turns any standard pedal bike into a powerful electric bike, or e-bike. The motor clips onto the wheel of a regular bike. It powers the bike as you pedal. It can get your bike up to 20 miles an hour. And it’s not just for fun: Search-and-rescue teams are using it to motorize gurneys, which are wheeled boards that carry injured people. A faster gurney means faster medical care.
Bots on the Job

 

Imagine having a robot as your coworker. Employers in some industries, such as manufacturing, are making this a reality. That’s partly thanks to Digit, a humanoid bot created by Agility Robotics. Digit can be trained by AI to do a variety of tasks. In 2023, Amazon announced that it would train the bots to help with basic tasks in warehouses. So far, Digit bots work separately from humans, for safety purposes. But the bots may someday work with people.
Inclusive Exercise

 
Standard treadmills are designed for people to walk or jog in place. But people who use wheelchairs need exercise equipment too. Wheely-X is a treadmill designed for wheelchair users. It pairs with fitness apps and offers workout games that encourage users to get moving. Wheely-X was created by Kangsters, a company focused on technology for users with disabilities. Kangsters is selling the product to private users, gyms, hospitals, and rehab centers





Dazzling Disc

 
Frisbees have been flung around parks, beaches, and yards for decades. But the Tosy company is seeking to reinvent the game. The Flying Disc has 36 red, green, and blue LED lights. They’re activated as it’s thrown, producing more than 16 million color variations. A rechargeable battery doesn’t just keep the lights on. It activates a “lost mode” that helps you find the disc if it goes astray. Since October 2022, Tosy has sold 600,000 of the discs.
Read in Color

 
It used to be hard to read a graphic novel on an electronic reading device, or e-reader. That’s no longer the case. Rakuten Kobo’s Libra Colour is the first mainstream e-reader with a color e-ink screen that gets illustrations just right. The device may be small, but its colors pop. Users can enjoy their favorite comics and graphic novels without compromising the quality of the artwork. Kobo also sells a stylus. It pairs with the Libra Colour. You can use it to highlight text in color.
Gaming on the Go

 
All video games need a screen, right? Not the Tecno Pocket Go gaming system. It has two parts: a controller and a pair of augmented-reality glasses. Put the glasses on and you’ll see a huge display of whichever game you’re playing. That way, you don’t need a TV or computer to use it. The headset tracks your head movements and simulates vibrations, providing a better experience. Users can even sync the glasses to their phone and other devices.



